-> Architecture
	HTML, External CSS and a external Vanilla Javascript files
-> How To Operate
	Use the top right navigation menu to add,delete,save,move up and move down.
	To edit, select checkbox, click on the table row and after editing click save button on top right corner
-> How It is Designed
	Data is array of objects with table column names as keys and their values. 15 data is added by default
	Separate functions were used such as Add, Delete, Edit, Save, Move up and move down and onclick functions were associated with html
	To select checkboxes, loops were run through table rows and columns and validations were done at the same time. (Refer code)
	To add data, createElement was used to create separate elements and then they were appended to created rows and appended to tablebody. (Refer code)
	To delete, No ids were used even in data. Indexes of foreach loops were used data was stored in seprate array and then matched with main data array.
	Wherever it was matching, splice operation was used to remove them
	To edit, checkboxes were selected, validations were made, and then if validations were true then added to main data array and displayed in table
	Validations were done by running loops through table rows and columns. Data type of column was checked whether string or number. Accordingly, the validations, if true, added
	to main data.( Refer code)
	To move up and down, previous node element was selected from current and then appended after or before using inserBefore function in node javascript.(Refer code)
	Sorting functions were made with string and numbers by using arrays.sort() functions and both ascending and descending logic was implemented. To sort click on table headers
	Extra Search method also implemented to search data using the input field.
	
-> Key Points Extra
	No external JS libraries were used. No bootstrap used. The application is both responsive and mobile and browser friendly. Media queries and css used
	Please watch the video demonstration in a txt file in the github repo.